# fetch-rewards-receipt-processor-challenge

Fetch Rewards - Receipt Processor Challenge

**Drop main.go file in folder:**

   receipt-processor-challenge

**Execute:**

go get .

go mod tidy

   _followed by_

go run .
   
-------------------------------------------------------

**Receipt Processor  -  Summary of API Specification**

**Endpoint**: Process Receipts
Path: /receipts/process
Method: POST
Payload: Receipt JSON
Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.
Description:

Takes in a JSON receipt - returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.

The ID returned is the ID passed into GET /receipts/{id}/points to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.

How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.

Example Response:
{ "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }

Endpoint: Get Points
Path: /receipts/{id}/points
Method: GET
Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.
A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

Example Response:

{ "points": 32 }

Rules
These rules collectively define how many points should be awarded to a receipt.

One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
25 points if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
5 points for every two items on the receipt.
If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3, multiply the price by 0.2 and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
10 points if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.


Example Receipt:

{
  "retailer": "Target",
  "purchaseDate": "2022-01-01",
  "purchaseTime": "13:01",
  "items": [
     {
      "shortDescription": "Mountain Dew 12PK",
      "price": "6.49"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Emils Cheese Pizza",
      "price": "12.25"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Knorr Creamy Chicken",
      "price": "1.26"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Doritos Nacho Cheese",
      "price": "3.35"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "   Klarbrunn 12-PK 12 FL OZ  ",
      "price": "12.00"
    }
  ],
  "total": "35.35"
}
